# Interviewees, when talking about their studies, referred to their ________ interest in the subject as the key reason for studying for a qualification.
A. ambitious	B. passionate	C. excessive	D. perceptive

# The great ________ of the book lies in the way it draws attention to such detail, illustrating the connections between history and literature.
A. frame	B. puzzle	C. charm	D. benefit

# There are ________ similarities between the two cars, but in fact they're very different in terms of performance.
A. superficial	B. supernatural	C. superstitious	D. superior

# In today's world, employers must consider all candidates ________ so as to win respect from them.
A. impossibly	B. impartially	C. irresponsibly	D. illegally

# The children screamed in ________ when they saw all the presents under the Christmas tree.
A. defeat	B. diligence	C. difference	D. delight

# We're trying to bring out the artistic talents that many people _______ without realizing.
A. possess	B. process	C. proceed	D. promote

# It is hard to see what will sustain them when they have no income during the current recession.
A. maintain	B. regain	C. sustain	D. remain

# In the novel, many people regarded the young man as too __________ to become the director of the organization.
A. lightweight	B. clever	C. weightlifting	D. overweight

# In China, there are many different festivals, among which the Spring Festival is a good chance for a family __________.
A. reunification	B. reunion	C. united	D. unification

# It was no wonder, the team realized, that they were behind schedule and that their people felt __________.
A. overloaded	B. downloaded	C. uploaded	D. overload

# If the building project ________ by the end of this month is delayed, the construction company will be fined.
A. being completed	B. is completed	C. to be completed	D. completed

# Evidence came up ________ specific speech sounds can be recognized by babies as young as six months old.
A. what	B. that	C. which	D. whom

# I vaguely remembered ________ something like that when you asked me about what he had talked about in the meeting.
A. that he had said	B. him having said	C. his saying	D. him to say

# The Great Pyramid ________ nearly five thousand years ago is located on the bank of the Nile River.
A. built	B. was built	C. being built	D. to be built

# To tell you the truth, I remember the event vividly as if it __________ last night.
A. happened	B. had happened	C. would happen	D. were happened

# China is one of the largest countries in the world, ______ an area of 9.6 million square kilometers.
A. to cover	B. covered	C. covers	D. covering

# _________ to sunlight for too long will harm one’s skin - it is common sense.
A. Exposed	B. Having exposed	C. Being exposed	D. After being exposed

# It is useful to be able to predict the extent __________ a price change will affect supply and demand.
A. from what	B. with what	C. to which	D. for which

# The new grape variety tastes ________ sweeter than the previous one imported from abroad.
A. seven more times	B. seven times	C. over seven times	D. seven times more

# She got her first degree at Gorton College and later helped found Lucy Cavendish College, ________ she was an honorary fellow.
A. since then	B. for which	C. of which	D. on which

