# People are far more ____ about what and how much they drink these days.
A. sensitive	B. sentimental	C. sensory	D. sensible

# For students, there is a ______ to socialize in the evenings.
A. tension	B. tenant	C. tenacity	D. tendency

# He told the magazine in an exclusive interview that all his misfortune stemmed from a lack of tolerance toward others.
A. up	B. from	C. in	D. over

# After their child was born, the marriage went downhill, eventually end______ divorce.
A. out	B. within	C. on	D. in

# What are the risks and opportunities for you with studying abroad as a teenager?
A. respect	B. aspect	C. suspect	D. prospect

# We hurried to the station and saw that passengers got off the train laden______ boxes and suitcases.
A. in	B. out	C. with	D. up

# That part of the form is for Chinese citizens only—it does not ______ to you.
A. apply	B. reply	C. imply	D. comply

# World population has increased from a few million in _______ times to over seven billion today.
A. modern	B. contemporary	C. prehistoric	D. historic

# There was a close _______ between his and Smith’s views on environmental protection.
A. simile	B. sample	C. smell	D. similarity

# It has been proved that milk is a very ______ food, containing protein, vitamins, and minerals.
A. negative	B. nutritious	C. native	D. naive

# Our reactions seem to be rooted in the past and they are not always appropriate to our modern way of living.
A. distinctive	B. distinguished	C. instinctive	D. extinctive

# Sitting for ______ periods of time in class can negatively influence students' health.
A. extended	B. expensive	C. exclusive	D. exterior

# Every living thing has a set of characteristics ______ from its parent or parents.
A. inherited	B. integrated	C. incorporated	D. indicated

# The day had been unusually hot and ____ , and she wiped sweat from her forehead.
A. human	B. humorous	C. humid	D. humane

# I used to play golf but I _____ to tennis to get more exercise.
A. smash	B. swell	C. smell	D. switch

# Her bicycle hit a ___ in the road and threw her off.
A. puddle	B. thumb	C. bump	D. thump

# She spoke with ___ honesty — I wasn't ready for that.
A. soft	B. gentle	C. kind	D. brutal

# This was not a memorial service but a ___ of his life.
A. celebration	B. morning	C. satisfaction	D. celebrity

# They hope to defeat the enemies at sea.
A. defeat	B. depict	C. describe	D. deliver

# The bus is _______. Please line up in single file on the sidewalk.
A. pulling up	B. pulling through	C. pulling apart	D. pulling down

# The _________ of the silicon chip was a landmark in the history of the computer.
A. invention	B. information	C. interaction	D. infection

# A young couple was locked in the sort of ___________ embrace associated with dockside reunions at the end of long wars.
A. passive	B. uninterested	C. apathetic	D. passionate

# Given the early hour, the train was not crowded at all, with only about 30 passengers_____.
A. aboard	B. board	C. broaden	D. boarded

# We must be careful not to do anything that might _____ the economic recovery.
A. engage	B. endanger	C. enlarge	D. enable

# The boy appeared____ and disappointed that he couldn’t join the others on their trip.
A. fruity	B. ridged	C. fretful	D. fringed

# The bus is __________. Please line up in single file on the sidewalk.
A. pulling down	B. pulling through	C. pulling apart	D. pulling up

# What can be more important for human existence than clean air and water?
A. existence	B. exhibition	C. exposure	D. exclusion

# I know it’s a little tricky to get the hang of the machine, but just keep practicing and you’ll get it.
A. get the hang of	B. get the better of	C. get tired of	D. get rid of

# In the last five years, I've traveled to many countries in Asia — Japan, Thailand, and Indonesia, __________.
A. for all	B. for good	C. for once	D. for instance

# We all look forward to our class ______, an awesome celebration with old friends!
A. reunion	B. reduction	C. reason	D. reputation

# Students can choose a ______ of curricula ranging from Chinese literature to traditional Chinese medicine.
A. spectrum	B. perspective	C. spectacle	D. species

# It's often difficult to _ a new technology when we first hear about it.
A. explicit	B. extend	C. envision	D. erupt

# The place has ________from a small fishing community into a thriving tourist resort.
A. evolved	B. evaluated	C. evoked	D. resolved

# As he grows mature, he realizes that all that _______ is not gold.
A. glimmers	B. glitters	C. glances	D. glimpses

# Now that he’s grown up, he no longer takes a ________ interest in his stamp collection.
A. political	B. punctual	C. profound	D. pretty

# His great success over time is attributed to his determination to learn from failure.
A. dogged	B. indifferent	C. negligent	D. lazy
