# For students, there is a ______ to socialize in the evenings.
A. tension	B. tenant	C. tenacity	D. tendency

# He told the magazine in an exclusive interview that all his misfortune stemmed from a lack of tolerance toward others.
A. up	B. from	C. in	D. over

# After their child was born, the marriage went downhill, eventually end______ divorce.
A. out	B. within	C. on	D. in

# What are the risks and opportunities for you with studying abroad as a teenager?
A. respect	B. aspect	C. suspect	D. prospect

# That part of the form is for Chinese citizens only—it does not ______ to you.
A. apply	B. reply	C. imply	D. comply

# World population has increased from a few million in _______ times to over seven billion today.
A. modern	B. contemporary	C. prehistoric	D. historic

# There was a close _______ between his and Smith’s views on environmental protection.
A. simile	B. sample	C. smell	D. similarity

# Our reactions seem to be rooted in the past and they are not always appropriate to our modern way of living.
A. distinctive	B. distinguished	C. instinctive	D. extinctive

# Sitting for ______ periods of time in class can negatively influence students' health.
A. extended	B. expensive	C. exclusive	D. exterior

# The day had been unusually hot and ____ , and she wiped sweat from her forehead.
A. human	B. humorous	C. humid	D. humane

# I used to play golf but I _____ to tennis to get more exercise.
A. smash	B. swell	C. smell	D. switch

# Her bicycle hit a ___ in the road and threw her off.
A. puddle	B. thumb	C. bump	D. thump

# She spoke with ___ honesty — I wasn't ready for that.
A. soft	B. gentle	C. kind	D. brutal

# This was not a memorial service but a ___ of his life.
A. celebration	B. morning	C. satisfaction	D. celebrity

# They hope to defeat the enemies at sea.
A. defeat	B. depict	C. describe	D. deliver

# The _________ of the silicon chip was a landmark in the history of the computer.
A. invention	B. information	C. interaction	D. infection

# A young couple was locked in the sort of ___________ embrace associated with dockside reunions at the end of long wars.
A. passive	B. uninterested	C. apathetic	D. passionate

# Given the early hour, the train was not crowded at all, with only about 30 passengers_____.
A. aboard	B. board	C. broaden	D. boarded

# We must be careful not to do anything that might _____ the economic recovery.
A. engage	B. endanger	C. enlarge	D. enable

# The boy appeared____ and disappointed that he couldn’t join the others on their trip.
A. fruity	B. ridged	C. fretful	D. fringed

# What can be more important for human existence than clean air and water?
A. existence	B. exhibition	C. exposure	D. exclusion

# I know it’s a little tricky to get the hang of the machine, but just keep practicing and you’ll get it.
A. get the hang of	B. get the better of	C. get tired of	D. get rid of

# In the last five years, I've traveled to many countries in Asia — Japan, Thailand, and Indonesia, __________.
A. for all	B. for good	C. for once	D. for instance

# We all look forward to our class ______, an awesome celebration with old friends!
A. reunion	B. reduction	C. reason	D. reputation

# Students can choose a ______ of curricula ranging from Chinese literature to traditional Chinese medicine.
A. spectrum	B. perspective	C. spectacle	D. species

# It's often difficult to _ a new technology when we first hear about it.
A. explicit	B. extend	C. envision	D. erupt

# The place has ________from a small fishing community into a thriving tourist resort.
A. evolved	B. evaluated	C. evoked	D. resolved

# As he grows mature, he realizes that all that _______ is not gold.
A. glimmers	B. glitters	C. glances	D. glimpses

# Now that he’s grown up, he no longer takes a ________ interest in his stamp collection.
A. political	B. punctual	C. profound	D. pretty

# His great success over time is attributed to his determination to learn from failure.
A. dogged	B. indifferent	C. negligent	D. lazy

# He has a good __________ of the issues facing the city.
A.	charm        B. packet          C. grasp         D. existence

# On hearing the war was finally over, people were crying for joy and __________ each other.
A.	embracing    B. sniffing         C. puzzling       D. roaming

# Travelers come here for breathtaking scenery but are __________ by the many cultural attractions.
A.	fretful        B. stern          C. endangered      D. charmed

# Dozens of people were __________ up to get tickets for the concert.
A.	wandering     B. queuing        C. overloaded      D. scrambling

# She __________ a flight to Australia 10 years ago and never came back again.
A.	boarding      B. boarded        C. aboard         D. bounced

# There's enough __________ that travel reduces stress, keeps your body healthy , and boosts brain health.
A.	evidence      B. reunion        C. humour         D. impulse

# Many people remain surprisingly __________ of the dangers of too much sun.
A.	passionate     B. ignorant       C. orderly       D. childlike

# Patrick is very __________ — if he promises to help you, he certainly will.
A.	puzzled       B. reliable        C. reliably       D. stern

# The news soon __________ that due to the economic crisis, many people were going to lose their jobs.
A.	got up        B. got on         C. got off        D. got around

# The bus is __________. Please line up single file (一路纵队) on the sidewalk.
A.	pulling apart    B. pulling back   C. pulling up     D. pulling off

# The place is nice because the scenery is fantastic and the beach is not_________ tourists.
A. packed by     B. measured by     C. packed with    D. evidenced by

# The man ________the bridge and disappeared at the corner.
A. crossed      B. across           C. crossing        D. cross

# She did not leave the academic world ___________but because her future seemed blocked.
A. with choice    B. by choice       C. by air          D. by day

# I am _________ some news media not reporting the truth, but trying to manipulate the public.
A. in the hopes of   B. sick to         C. lack of         D. sick of

# Before we_______________to the next project, does anyone have any questions?
A. turn on         B. move on        C. moved on      D. turned on

# I know she goes out a lot at night, but I_______comfort in the fact that she's always with friends.
A. take            B.  have         C. put           D. make

# He was showing off his latest ___________, a new computer game.
A. acquire         B. acquaintance    C. acquisition     D. acquired

# It has been proved that milk is a very ___________food, containing protein, vitamins, and minerals.
A. nutrition        B. nutritious        C. nurture        D. nourish

# Every living thing has a set of characteristics ____________from its parent or parents.
A. inherited        B. inherit          C. heritage        D. inheriting

# We hurried to the station and saw that passengers got off the train ________boxes and suitcases.
A. in line with      B. laden with       C. with respect to   D. at all costs

# Every night I ___________myself by saying that our breakup is just a nightmare.
A. console         B. consolation      C. coincide        D. coincidence

# Today we ____________for the families who have lost loved ones, the hearts that have been broken, and the young lives that could have been.
A. grief           B. grievance        C. grieve          D. grieving

# However, they are often unaware that these _____________are linked to depression.
A. sympathy       B. symptom         C. symptomatic     D. symptoms

# We have begun to ___________ the wounds of war in our society.
A. deal           B. appeal               C. steal          D. heal

# Interviewees, when talking about their studies, referred to their ________ interest in the subject as the key reason for studying for a qualification.
A. ambitious	B. passionate	C. excessive	D. perceptive

# The great ________ of the book lies in the way it draws attention to such detail, illustrating the connections between history and literature.
A. frame	B. puzzle	C. charm	D. benefit

# There are ________ similarities between the two cars, but in fact they're very different in terms of performance.
A. superficial	B. supernatural	C. superstitious	D. superior

# In today's world, employers must consider all candidates ________ so as to win respect from them.
A. impossibly	B. impartially	C. irresponsibly	D. illegally

# The children screamed in ________ when they saw all the presents under the Christmas tree.
A. defeat	B. diligence	C. difference	D. delight

# We're trying to bring out the artistic talents that many people _______ without realizing.
A. possess	B. process	C. proceed	D. promote

# It is hard to see what will sustain them when they have no income during the current recession.
A. maintain	B. regain	C. sustain	D. remain

# In the novel, many people regarded the young man as too __________ to become the director of the organization.
A. lightweight	B. clever	C. weightlifting	D. overweight

# In China, there are many different festivals, among which the Spring Festival is a good chance for a family __________.
A. reunification	B. reunion	C. united	D. unification

# It was no wonder, the team realized, that they were behind schedule and that their people felt __________.
A. overloaded	B. downloaded	C. uploaded	D. overload

# If the building project ________ by the end of this month is delayed, the construction company will be fined.
A. being completed	B. is completed	C. to be completed	D. completed

# Evidence came up ________ specific speech sounds can be recognized by babies as young as six months old.
A. what	B. that	C. which	D. whom

# I vaguely remembered ________ something like that when you asked me about what he had talked about in the meeting.
A. that he had said	B. him having said	C. his saying	D. him to say

# The Great Pyramid ________ nearly five thousand years ago is located on the bank of the Nile River.
A. built	B. was built	C. being built	D. to be built

# To tell you the truth, I remember the event vividly as if it __________ last night.
A. happened	B. had happened	C. would happen	D. were happened

# China is one of the largest countries in the world, ______ an area of 9.6 million square kilometers.
A. to cover	B. covered	C. covers	D. covering

# _________ to sunlight for too long will harm one’s skin - it is common sense.
A. Exposed	B. Having exposed	C. Being exposed	D. After being exposed

# It is useful to be able to predict the extent __________ a price change will affect supply and demand.
A. from what	B. with what	C. to which	D. for which

# The new grape variety tastes ________ sweeter than the previous one imported from abroad.
A. seven more times	B. seven times	C. over seven times	D. seven times more

# She got her first degree at Gorton College and later helped found Lucy Cavendish College, ________ she was an honorary fellow.
A. since then	B. for which	C. of which	D. on which

